what's up nerds and nerd s you've
probably been wondering where the hell
I've been and why I haven't been
uploading any videos at all my channel
or maybe the most of you don't even give
a shit you forgot that I even exist but
regardless I've been streaming a lot
lately and I haven't been able to Fras
which is the recording program i use i
have been able to record gameplay while
i'm streaming lately I don't know why my
computer's been kind of crappy lately
when it comes to that specifically I
don't know why maybe I need to do a
recording program I don't know anything
better than perhaps right now maybe that
banda cam or whatever but um regardless
i haven't been able to give you a lot of
footage because of that I've been
streaming a lot lately so anyway I still
plan on streaming a lot and I still plan
on uploading videos and getting back
into the groove of uploading random
cliffs to my channel um so sorry about
that if you've been bored and we're
expecting any videos for me and I
haven't been putting them up anyway I
have been streaming out like I said so
you should check out my stream if you
don't know about it already it's
twitch.tv / chosen tribe link is in the
description as you follow me on there
you can get notified for when i stream
I've been streaming almost daily for
like a month although the end of the
season is wrapping up so I haven't been
streaming as much lately since I've been
working on my final real teams or n
season rewards and all that jazz but as
soon as the new season starts i plan on
streaming chronically so definitely
follow my stream and expect more uploads
to trickle in on my channel anyways
sorry about that that's all this video's
for is to tell you that and i will throw
a couple of clips at the end of this as
well ok that's it
hmm which one do we pick definitely
rogue
whoa we did what the hell is he mad at
of toilet paper yeah and I made out of
him can turn toward where we camp she's
been his dude he'll get dispelled which
means to get asked all across bomb oh
god I'm coat oh my god he did Avery
scarf like thing
can we shoot them again gotta get that
dispel going actually you know a little
Palmer these turds we're up offa sure
you know what just happened there no I
can't you see it's like for you on an
office boy you're all maybe not ain't it
Roy I really good stack how to get
sacked cranky got a dropping the hunter
Holly early got a preppy probably right
now oh he bubbled instantly okay deal
hey if you lure that warrior to the
little off the wall fugly I can fly I'm
gonna blind pally off that bubble okay
it's got a double feel honey ok scanner
you can actually just I lullaby nepali
later oh so much like oh that's fine I
get it again I'm chicken yeah everybody
right he still died I for one am let's
kind of expect their boss he wishes i
sadly like hanging on hunter lock in the
world haha you can't rule that warrior
fuckers obviously i can't talk me into
power half you like drove me out and
fear me take a shot over suck no I don't
actually I'm gonna give it to myself
shortly
safia valley hey going for us got her
truck maybe I don't know if I'll get it
though wait take it work again shuffle
trap will top 20 pondering me watch make
you on your hunter fine nicely TT bubble
I got this barge campus I'll be knocking
Rory off again no do anything but I've
nothing else in valley hahaha nice nice
nice hey my pally nice i can silence
them out of that edict I blinked it's
got a trapping the pally Skyrim the
pally Oh might get it might get it might
get it ok got it full trap hey I got
floating us that ok okay pally ice-watch
fault Louisiana boat he already bubble
oh yeah you gobbled in the opener in bed
no house no map story again going in ok
Shafi does it
let's go creepy bro and creepy bird was
just you I'm wacky crazy dog I got the
truth no fuck you wrap him shell I suck
a hard day though shipping him
you are mastery even Betty shipping the
do it again she then boom springing it
oh oh oh that's a day buddy oh shit he
did I think he died are you gonna be one
of these twats he's doing whatever look
at these fags name is bag zak bagans ack
i'm sorry cat husband cheap a desert 3
100 Sheldon shaman looks out of position
again yeah keeps wanting nothing oh nice
ring dude for the very sorry word i'm
just still not out the hunters like can
i come out yet getting grounding gonna
Hodge was he know he's holy Dora I just
learned the hunter GCPD okay ladies eat
you I'm trying this house why your
husband were you tricking it to club
looking inside please come on won't we
no hon chung the hunters here he's just
lurk in yeah he is you can't web wraps
well he's doing shit I think you forgot
like how to come out of camouflage
because like how do you cancel this
spell I'll give a macro what the fuck
that I don't even know I don't know he
was there because I got one wrestle yeah
you got web wrapped man I pull that shit
he's just lurking around that's scary
like fuck this dude did you see what
they did to our cell man i'm coming up
I'm Zack and the other guy's name is
alright guys that's it for this video
hope you liked it and look forward to
more being uploaded I don't know how
regularly but i'll try my best thanks
for watching end piece